Hello and welcome to the course on Parbat I'm super excited to have you on board.
And today we're going to learn how to install PBI on your computer.
Now a quick caveat is that PBI at this stage is not available for Macs.
It is available for your Windows computer and that's where you'll be installing it and where it will
be working if it's at the same time you can also install it on your iPad or mobile device using the
associated application store whether it's Apple store or other stores.
But the development that we're going to be doing is going to be happening in power vi for Windows.
All right.
So in order to install Part B are we going to need a browser.
And then in Google.
Just go to download power be-I so search for that.
Now the link that you need is actually that you just click search there link that you need is possibly
Microsoft dot com slashy and slash downloads.
So let's go ahead and go to that link.
And here you can see that you've got a couple of options.
You've got Microsoft Powerglide desktop on premises gateway part.
Mikes are powered by for mobile so you can download for a mobile device.
But this is to look at your applications that you've created rather than actually create them.
And Microsoft PBI publisher for Excel so the one we want is much of our guide desktop.
Go ahead and click download.
All right so that's going to take a little bit of time to download.
It's about 100 megabytes.
All right so once the file has been downloaded just go ahead and launch it and that'll prompt you to
install Microsoft part.
So let's walk through this process together.
Check the software terms.
Agree if you agree like next select where you want to install it.
I usually leave the default path click Next create a shortcut.
Yes please.
And just go ahead and install.
So sometimes the security window will pop up if you have your firewall on or some security settings
on Microsoft Windows.
And so just click yes and go ahead and it shouldn't take long to install it's takes just a couple of
minutes at most.
So there we go.
It's finished.
And now you can just go ahead and launch Microsoft powered be-I.
All right.
Wonderful.
So there we go.
Microsoft power VI is installed and in the future tutorials we're going to learn how to use it.
We've got a very exciting journey ahead and I can't wait for you to find all the powerful features available
in Microsoft.
And I look forward to seeing them.
Until then happy analyzing.